the fill event of the imminent bank
holiday weekend has got to be the
all-day gig at Milton Keynes Bowl this
Saturday an event headlined by the
pompous but very popular Simple Minds
with support from the new look
Stranglers the revitalized OMD and a
very promising irish outfit call that an
emotional fish a band you've obviously
learnt their scales whose songs have
some great lines and plenty of hooks but
who don't have a single member
when we are them to go will still go on
stage every night are we trying on stage
every night well this is the most
importantly and you know maybe that's
why we've got a reputation and I just I
just enjoy it the nails have have gone
and have been been replaced by radio 1
DJ Garry's Davis is a bit of an expert
on these matters what sort of a day does
he think it'll be there's nothing you
can say so families hey kids come on
let's bring your picnics and get down to
the little King's bowls and see Simple
Minds no I don't think it's that sort of
crowd at all I think it's your rock fans
but in particularly Simple Minds rock
fans you've got an amazing following we
always tour and that way I think were
built up an emotional bond with their
fans in Jim Kurth world the big issues
are never far away but I'm not really
interested before it's just such the
left of the rate of the centre I've
given up are we you you know you know
new visionaries that way however I'm
interested in flesh and blood I think
and ultimately that that stuff is gonna
creep through any of your music I get
out
you're not being any mentor genius from
the senior a la partida but you are
putting your neck on the lane when you
write a pop song about it
Simple Minds previous LP street-fighting
years dealt with apartheid belfast and
ecology but their latest real life is
more introspective
but this was more of a Tonto they can
individual you know bottles you they can
and they are not personal dreams and
nightmares and all that that stuff and
it's probably a softer record that that
we know people see it's a romantic
record but I think you know simple means
I've always had that they've never
really had it that easy it took them a
long time before they became a band who
could start filling stadiums and they've
just really worked at it they're not
frightened to change every album they do
is different to the previous one and
because I think they change all the time
they stay fresh
scream
that is one thing disappoints me
realizes there are a sense of human you
know never seen sitting there and the
music I don't really really apologize
for that it's cheesy it's just the way
it is but it's funny people see so well
what can a human do you have you known a
soft that's a hard thing to describe
it's like your last week in a sex you
have it
when he first formed simple minds with
guitarist Charlie Virgil Jim was
determined that the fans should come
before everything else some things worth
what thank you for and your bottle and I
have the vision of this band and you
know nobody's gonna mess we're if you
want to go to a gig and you have a
choice of Jeff seeing Simple Minds or
you can see Simple Minds earns in the
Stranglers an emotional fish of course
it's great very good